[♪♪♪]
Coffee?
[Brent grumbling]
Someone's in
a bit of a mood.
Ah, sorry.
The wind storm last night
blew some shingles
off my roof.
Ah, so you need
new shingles.
It also blew a tree
onto my roof.
So you need a new roof?
And a new tree,
and let's not forget
about the shingles.
That's a real boot
to the gutters.
Boot to the gutters?
Well, you know
what they say
about the weather.
Wait five minutes,
and my eggs are cold.
That's not the saying.
I just got sidetracked
by these cold eggs.
A whole new roof?
[sighs] What a kick
in the soffits.
That'll put a dent
in your emergency fund.
It might.
If I had
an emergency fund,
or a rainy day fund,
or a sock in which I had
money socked away.
That's a real
knee to the downspout.
Have you been bingeing
the Property Brothers?
I guess now is a good time
to tell you--
We told you so!
No!
We put money away for you
when you were young.
That's his inheritance.
Give it to him now,
you reward bad behaviour.
A broken roof
is bad behaviour?
Careful, Oscar.
You might be motivating
Brent to knock you off
just to collect
that inheritance.
Over my dead body.
That's what
I'm saying.
I would never do that.
Now, eat your poison eggs.
I mean, cold eggs.
♪ You think
there's not a lot goin' on ♪
♪ Look closer, baby
you're so wrong ♪
[♪♪♪]
So you think
the lyrics to that song
are "won't you take me
to Monkey Town"?
Exactly.
Who would want to be
taken to Funky Town?
Probably smells like
bad breath and armpits.
You think a town
full of monkeys
isn't gonna have a funk?
Sure, it might
curl your lip a little,
but, hey, monkeys!
I don't think
that's true.
I am just telling you
what I read.
Ah, thank god.
A real conversation
that doesn't
involve primates.
Or have I
spoke too soon?
I read a blog
that said people
lie to the police
90% of the time.
That can't be true
in Dog River.
Everyone is so close-knit
and caring.
Why would anyone
lie to us?
'Cause you're cops.
Didn't you hear
what Karen said?
Yeah, it's all tickets,
and rules, and warnings,
and second warnings,
and final warnings
with you guys.
And statistically
speaking,
most people have
broken some law
in the past.
I don't think
it's most people.
I believe the majority
of citizens are law-abiding.
You also believe
there's a place
called Monkey Town.
[♪♪♪]
Gimme one good reason
why we shouldn't
give Brent his money.
You're lookin' at it.
That doesn't
make any sense.
It makes as much sense
as giving him the money does.
Honestly, you argue
like a kindergarten dropout.
I don't need your permission.
Permission for what?
To give Brent his money.
Are we still
talking about that?
I'm going to find
a more quiet place
to read my paper.
[♪♪♪]
Third National Trust.
Yes, how do I go about
closing an account
opened by an idiot?
[♪♪♪]
Something
bothering you, Hank?
Huh?
Ah, I'm just thinking
about something
Karen and Davis said
about lying.
Oh, no.
Are they on to us?
On to us?
Do they suspect anything
about you and me
and our "secret"?
Our secret?
I, uh... I don't think so.
Good.
You did the right thing
by coming to me
about this.
Uh, this being...?
You, me, that thing
that happened.
The cops
can never find out.
Well, I guarantee
they won't hear
about it from me.
[♪♪♪]
I was just on the phone
with Third National Trust,
and there's no account
set up for Brent.
Why would there be?
I put it in the farmer's bank.
You buried it?
Yeah, in the yard.
You can't trust
those three-piece shifty stiffs
at the bank.
The money's safer
in the ground.
How is it supposed to grow?
You dig it up,
take it to the bank,
and tell them how long
it's been there,
and they pay you interest.
That's not how a bank works.
Look at Mrs. Rockefeller,
giving free lessons
on high finance.
I find it hard to believe
people lie to us.
Are you calling me
a liar?
Look, if you want to know
if someone is lying to you,
watch their eyes.
If a person looks up
and to the left,
they're using their imagination.
If they look up
and to the right,
they're using an actual memory.
I didn't know that.
I did.
She's lying.
She looked up
and to the left.
I wasn't lying,
I was just...
looking at a bird
over there.
Another way
you can tell
is if they kick at the dirt
with their feet.
[sighs] Okay!
I didn't know.
So there's other ways
to tell if people lie?
Tons.
Hey, Ike, how's that rash?
It's good,
it's good.
When people repeat themselves,
they're often lying.
So...
So don't touch Ike.
I wish we could afford
a portable lie detector.
We have Wanda.
She's portable.
You can't afford me,
either.
Buy you lunch?
Let's go, boss.
[♪♪♪]
Okay, here I am.
What's so important
that you couldn't tell me
over the phone?
Whoa,
Lacey was just joking
about murdering Dad.
I need you to help me
dig up your trust fund.
Your idiot father
buried it in the back yard.
Because
of course he did.
You know, Lacey's
murder idea--
It's still on the table.
I'm nervous.
Should we really
be doing this?
Better to know
the truth
than to keep
wondering.
Oftentimes,
people have personal signs
that show they're lying,
like a tell in poker,
but there are general signs.
Watch for lip-biting
or exaggerated hand gestures.
Let's run a test.
Hey, Lanny, did you get
that tail light fixed
on your truck yet?
Yeah, I got it fixed.
Face-touching.
That's a lie.
How could he?!
I'm gonna try
another one.
Hey, Ravi, how's
the Reuben sandwich?
Oh, my god,
so good, so good.
I highly recommend it.
Two thumbs up.
He's telling
the truth.
But he repeated
himself.
And he touched
his face.
Yeah, but I had
the Reuben yesterday,
and it was amazing,
so...
Are you seeing
what I'm seeing?
Yes, people love
your Reuben.
No!
Well, yes,
but the cops
are using Wanda
to suss out liars.
Cool.
Not cool!
They might uncover our secret.
Right.
That secret we have.
Uh, yeah,
I wouldn't worry about it.
It's not like Wanda's
an expert or anything.
Yes, she is!
She's an expert
at everything.
She's like a machine.
We have to figure out
how to beat the machine.
Yeah.
Well, let's start
with a couple
of Reuben sandwiches.
I hear good things.
[♪♪♪]
I don't know where
your father buried the money,
and he's not talking, either.
So we're just randomly
digging up the yard?
Not exactly.
He said he put it
in the farmer's bank.
Back in the day,
when farmers buried money
on their land,
they'd put it in a place
where they could watch over it
from a door or window.
So starting
from this door...
That tree is probably
the reference point Oscar used.
We just dig around that tree
and see if it's there.
If it's there?
You want me
to do manual labour
based on speculation?
What am I,
a prospector?
Look, do you want
the $250 or not?
250?
Well, I guess
we can stop
tossing the word
"treasure" around.
[groans] We've been
digging for hours.
It's got to be here
somewhere.
Does it, though?
I mean, using a tree
as a reference is logical.
Dad probably used a puddle
or a bird.
Warmer...
Warmer.
[giggles]
Are you saying
this is the spot?
I'm saying
that you've been
digging so much
that you're
getting warmer,
and sweatier, too.
I was sweating
before I got here.
You probably don't even remember
where it's buried.
I don't need to.
I was smart enough
to leave myself a clue.
There's a clue?
No.
We can't let Wanda
catch us in a lie.
It'll open up
a whole can of worms,
and the next thing
you know,
our secret is out.
Right.
Our worm secret.
Maybe if I don't show
any emotion,
Wanda will have
nothing to read.
Hey, Lacey,
this sugar's empty.
Yes.
Sugar is lacking
from that container.
The Reuben comes
with fries or a salad.
Can I substitute soup?
Affirmative.
I will allow it.
What kind of soup
do you have?
Chicken noodle?
Tomato?
I will provide
available soup.
Mission accomplished.
Really?
Was your mission
to make Wanda suspicious?
Aah! See?
She's a machine!
I've seen
a lot of cop movies
and a lot
of machine movies,
and one that was both.
RoboCop.
My point is,
to beat
the lie detector,
you just lie
about everything.
Hey, Hank,
come here.
Watch this.
What's with Lacey?
Is she okay?
Oh, yeah.
She's just freaked out
because it's gonna rain lava
this afternoon,
and she left her flock
of emotional support camels
grazing in her hemp field.
By the way,
today's special
is rhinoceros burgers.
What was that?
Lacey appears to be
on some kind of sedative.
My guess, horse tranquilizer.
And Hank?
Hank's an idiot.
She's not lying.
[♪♪♪]
So what do we do now?
Just stand around
these 41 holes we've dug?
Don't worry, I have a plan.
Couldn't you have
thought of this plan
before we dug
41 holes?
Back from
my afternoon nap.
[giggles]
Have you two
given up yet?
We were going to,
but then you gave us
the clue.
I did not.
Not directly,
but you talk
in your sleep.
We went and got the clue
before you woke up.
Ah, you're pullin' my cork.
I just remembered,
there's something
I gotta go do.
Aren't you
a crafty weasel?
Come on.
Clueless is gonna
lead us to the clue.
[♪♪♪]
A-ha! I knew it.
She was bluffing.
[♪♪♪]
He actually hid the clue
in a box marked "clue."
I'm afraid to see
what he hid
in the "Kerplunk" game.
[♪♪♪]
Hey, Lacey,
you wanted to see me?
Uh, no.
Ah, that's weird.
I got a text from Wanda
that said you wanted to see me.
[gasps] Oh, no.
I bet it's some kind
of trick.
Why don't you ask her?
[yelps] Aah! Dammit!
Now that
I have you here,
I want to know
why you two have been
acting weird
in front of the cops.
Uh, no reason.
Hmm, no eye contact.
Fidgeting.
Pants on fire.
Fine.
There is something
going on,
but we're not talking.
Right, Hank?
Not a word.
You may be this big-shot
human lie detector,
but you're getting
nothing from us.
We're rock solid.
That's right.
Like a salad of rocks.
I said "solid,"
not "salad."
Follow me.
I'm going to crack you
like a 12-year-old peanut.
Let's do this!
You think I can't?
There's a reason they call me
the nutcracker!
Actually,
there's a few reasons
they call me the nutcracker.
[groaning]
There's so many
ways to show
people are lying to you.
Yeah, Wanda's cheat sheet
is more like a cheat essay.
Good afternoon,
officers!
Anything about annoying
sing-songy greetings?
No, but she did
gesture wildly.
It's called "waving."
A lie's a lie.
Helen hates you.
Me?
You're over-reacting.
They can't be lying
about everything.
But who knows what's a lie
and what's the truth?
Maybe Lacey's lunch special
was Rhino Burgers.
Hiya, Karen.
Lookin' sharp, Davis.
[fly buzzing]
Face-touching.
Nice try, Lanny!
You lying son-of-a-bitch.
[♪♪♪]
We could be out there
digging up your money
right now.
Can I help it
if espionage
makes me hungry?
Everything
makes you hungry.
They have the red envelope.
Damn me
and my nap chatter.
[grunting]
A-ha!
Where did this come from?
[TV show plays]:
Coming up next,
unravel the mysteries
and danger
on... The Night Ninjas!
[strumming ukulele]
[wincing] Oh...
Right.
Forgot about that.
I also forgot
where I buried that money.
I have never felt
so raw and vulnerable
in my life.
What about that time
you and I drank wine,
listened to Whitney,
and you poured
your heart out about--
That's a different
kind of vulnerable.
Coffee?
I don't know,
is it?
Can we trust you?
I'm sorry.
It's... it's been
an emotional day.
The special isn't even
rhino burgers, is it?
Is it?!
Steak sandwich,
and that's the honest truth.
You don't know
how much the honest truth
means right now.
I found out Won has been
selling me oranges
and telling me
they're kumquats.
Who does that?
Maybe some people
have a reason
for being... misleading.
At least
you're honest with us.
Yeah, Lacey.
You're a good friend.
Yes.
I...
friend...
soup?
[grunting]
[groans]
Another dead end.
This is a lot of work
for 250 bucks.
I'm digging for, like...
a buck a hole.
Read the clue again.
All it says
is "when we were married".
August 21st.
That's eight and 21.
We've paced out
eight and 21 steps
in every possible
direction,
and nothing.
Why would he make that a clue?
How sure are we
that he even knows the date
you got married?
You're right.
I've had to remind him
of our anniversary
every year since our wedding.
I'm out of ideas.
Should we check
the Kerplunk box?
I'd rather not.
[♪♪♪]
Hank, Hank, Hank.
I was impressed with
the little "lie-a-thon"
you put on for the cops,
but that strategy
isn't gonna work on me.
Good.
How about we drop
this dancing dog
and prancing pony show,
and you tell me what's going on?
I haven't got a clue.
Huh.
Pupils are fixed.
Muscles relaxed.
Breathing is regular.
Breath is rank.
What is this, a physical
or an interrogation?
Get on with it.
Ooh, you're cool
as a Christmas cucumber.
That's because
I need your help.
You need my help?
Yeah.
Lacey and I have a secret,
and I can't remember what it is,
and it's driving me crazy.
So I need you to dig deep
into my cerebral vortex,
scratch around,
and help me figure it out.
Are you playing me?
I am 100%
not playing you.
Well played.
This is like top-drawer
three-dimensional chess.
I don't have time
to learn chess!
Get in there and
start poking around.
Oh, you'd like that,
wouldn't you?
I'm begging you.
What the hell is going on?
I don't know!
[both screaming]
The nerve of you two,
stealing my clue
to dig up your money.
You said it yourself.
It's his money,
and we're going
to find it.
Ha!
You can't figure it out.
We will eventually.
Maybe
if you tell me,
I'll help.
You don't know
what the clue is?
You don't remember.
All I had to remember
was where I hid it.
If you tell me the clue,
I'll tell you where I buried
your ukulele.
You buried my ukulele?
You told me it was stolen!
By Night Ninjas!
Look, Oscar,
you don't know
what the clue is,
and we can't
figure it out.
I think we have
to work together,
or the money
will be lost forever.
All right,
he can have
his stupid money.
Finally.
Okay, the clue is
"When we were married."
Oh, right!
Six,
then three.
Six and three
is June 3rd.
We weren't married
in June.
We were married on
a Saturday at 3:00.
Sixth day.
3:00 p.m.
I can't believe
you forgot.
I'll go pace it out.
And tell me where
you buried my ukulele!
Go ask
the Night Ninjas!
Nobody can find
the Night Ninjas.
That's
their whole thing.
[♪♪♪]
Did Wanda
get it out of you?
Don't feel bad.
She's a machine.
A tiny,
terrifying machine.
She did her best,
but it's still
locked in there.
Look, this secret
is obviously eating you up.
Maybe you should
confess it to me,
and then I'll confess it
back to you,
and we'll all feel better.
Not all of us.
Follow me.
[♪♪♪]
Yeesh, what the hell
happened to you?
I don't even know.
There's a chance
I was just
outsmarted by Hank.
Can I get a hemlock!?
At least you're not
a couple of outliers
in a town full of liars!
Davis, Karen,
I have been lying
and hiding
something from you.
Get in line.
No. I want
to confess to you now.
Maybe you shouldn't.
I'm not sure I want to know.
Well, I do!
So clam up
so she can tell us--
Uh, you.
Go ahead, Lacey.
A while back,
I was walking home
from the Foo Mart when...
[humming nonchalantly]
[yelps] Ouch! Hey!
Ha! Catch much?
Now throw it back.
[window smashes]
What the hell?
The cops just told me
not to throw that around here.
It was my final warning.
[panicked sob]
Ah, the old
panic and scram.
Classic.
That's the secret
that was eating you up?
I took care of that
right after it happened.
[panicked sob]
Davis, Karen,
I broke your window.
I'm really sorry.
I'll pay for it.
That was
back in the day
when people
were honest.
Except Lacey.
Ah, so that's why
I couldn't crack Hank.
There was no nut
to crack.
Hank's nut-less!
Thanks, Phil.
Is this
a fresh keg?
Oh, man,
is it ever.
Overcompensating!
He's lying!
Yes!
My lie detecting
is still on point.
Why are you two
still moping?
I told you the truth.
Yeah, but
the rest of the town
are still
big fat liars.
Ah, get over
yourselves.
Everyone lies
to everyone.
Look at Helen
over there.
She's lying so hard to Mavis
about how cute
her ugly grandkid is,
her hands are shaking,
and Lanny's lying so hard
about the fish he caught,
he's gonna throw his back out.
People aren't excluding
you with their lies.
If anything,
you're being included.
So we're a part
of everyone's
web of deceit?
We're in-liars!
Exactly.
Hey, Zeke,
nice shirt.
Thanks.
I lied.
You look stupid.
Why would you--
To liars
and the lies
they lie!
[cheering and laughing]
[♪♪♪]
There's your trust fund,
ya greedy little snot.
120 bucks?
I thought you said 250.
Where's the rest?
Well, I had
to buy a shovel,
and a box of cigars
so I could have something
to bury the money in.
Plus I owed 40 bucks
at the hardware store,
so I had to pay that
before they'd sell me
the shovel.
Oh, and I had lunch.
Look at the up side.
Not only did you
get 120 bucks,
you got to pay off
some debt.
It wasn't your debt,
but still...
and you get
this shovel.
I guess it's better
than nothing.
I mean, it's close, but...
You want this money
to re-sod the lawn,
don't you?
Kinda, yeah.
You can have
the clue.
I don't need a clue.
It was the victim's son,
behind the house,
with the shovel.
Repeatedly.
[♪♪♪]
I can't believe you carried that
burden of a non-secret
for so long.
I still carry the shame
of running away.
Well, if it helps,
you could pay me half
of what I paid
for the window.
Wait a minute.
Insurance paid for that window.
I approved it.
Then what happened
to the money I paid?
We, um...
[chuckling awkwardly]
The thing is, um...
Liars!
[♪♪♪]
♪ I don't know
♪ The same things
You don't know ♪
♪ I don't know
♪ I just... don't know
♪ Ooh...
♪ It's a great big place
♪ Full of nothin' but space
♪ Ooh...
♪ And it's my happy place
♪ I don't know ♪